add SNMP v3 macro CTOR-2480 (#5557)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-solaris-snmp.md

| Service Alias | Service Template                    | Service Description                                                                                                                                         |
|:--------------|:------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Cpu-Detailed  | OS-Solaris-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom | Check the detailed rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |

Author: ```suggestion
| Cpu-Detailed  | OS-Solaris-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom | Check the detailed rate of CPU utilization for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |
```

|:---------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------:|
| Disk-Generic-Id            | OS-Solaris-Disk-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom            | Check the rate of free space on the disk. For each checks the name of the disk will appear (« label ») rather than the letter assigned. Thresholds can be in percentage or in free space remaining |           |
| Disk-Generic-Name          | OS-Solaris-Disk-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom          | Check the rate of free space on the disk. For each checks the mount pont of the disk will appear (« label »). Thresholds can be in percentage or in free space remaining                           |           |
| Disk-Global                | OS-Solaris-Disk-Global-SNMP-custom                | Check the rate of free space on disks. For each checks the mount point of disks will appear (« label »). Thresholds can be in percentage or in free space remaining                                | X         |

> | Packet-Errors-Generic-Id   | Os-Solaris-Packet-Errors-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check packets in error and discarded packets for multiple network interfaces                                                                                                                       |           |

Author: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors-Generic-Id   | Os-Solaris-Packet-Errors-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check packets in error and discarded packets a network interface                                                                                                                       |           |
```

|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SNMP Agents | Discover your resources through an SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **OS-Solaris-SNMP-custom** host template. |

More information about discovering hosts automatically is available on the [dedicated page](/docs/monitoring/discovery/hosts-discovery).

#### Service discovery

| Rule name                          | Description                                                           |
|:-----------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OS-Solaris-SNMP-Disk-Name          | Discover network interfaces and monitor errored and discarded packets |

> | OS-Solaris-SNMP-Packet-Errors-Name | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation             |

Author: ```suggestion
| OS-Solaris-SNMP-Disk-Name          | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
| OS-Solaris-SNMP-Packet-Errors-Name | Discover network interfaces and monitor errored and discarded packets             |
```
